Rework of the FAQ page (#6731)
opsmill/infrahub: docs/docs/faq/faq.mdx

### How do I get help with Infrahub?

If you need assistance with Infrahub, you can reach out to the community and the development team through the following channels:

- Discord: Join the Infrahub [Discord](https://discord.gg/opsmill) server to ask questions, get support, and engage with other users.
- GitHub Issues: Submit issues or questions on [GitHub](https://github.com/opsmill/infrahub/issues).

### Is Infrahub free? Is there a paid support option or an Enterprise version of Infrahub?

Infrahub is built on an open source foundation to allow for broad community access and code transparency. However, many customers want and need higher performance and software QA validation, as well as enterprise support. That's why we offer Infrahub in two distinct versions.

- Infrahub Community - Infrahub is an open source project that delivers a unified system to model, store, version, validate, and generate infrastructure data and configurations.
- Infrahub Enterprise - Get SLA-backed support, advanced integrations, and enhanced performance and high-availability. Gain the benefits of mature infrastructure automation with greater velocity and quality assurance.

> You can find all the details about both options directly on [our website](https://opsmill.com/infrahub-versions/).

Author: ```suggestion
You can find all the details about both options directly on [our website](https://opsmill.com/pricing/).
```

![otto](../media/otto.png)

> The OpsMill's mascot is an otter named Otto.

Reviewer: should be either `The OpsMill mascot` or `Opsmill's mascot`

Author: ```suggestion
The OpsMill mascot is an otter named Otto.
```
